---
name: Shakira Rae Adams
---
Shakira Rae Adams is the Co-Founder of Underscore Dance Lab in partnership with Jacquelyn Corcoran. Shakira’s training resides from Ghana, West Africa where she studied with Bernard Woma. Her dance journey began at Bowling Green State University studying under Dr. Halifu Osumare, Tammy Starr and Deborah Tell, while pursuing her Bachelor in Music Education specializing in classical trumpet performance. Shakira loved to move and found such passion in allowing her soul to speak to the world when her words could not. “Dance kept me sane through my education. Dance gave me breathe and brought me to life when the end was far from sight.” Shakira couldn’t learn enough about movement, so she pursued a Master’s of Education in Sports Medicine with an emphasis on kinesiology. As she pursued a MD she found herself with less time to do what she really wanted to do. Directions shifted and she earned her Bachelor of Science in Nursing at the University of Cincinnati’s accelerated nursing program. A year ago she uprooted and moved to Seattle to continue to dive into the arts with her lovely partner. Together they began Underscore Dance Lab to have an outlet to create, explore and share their views on dance. Shakira wears many hats in life to keep her mind active and ever expanding. “I am not bored, ever! Arts have given me a way to express my inner most thoughts and feelings, an outlet to deal with the stress and a way to tell a story. No matter where times go, the arts live within me and I will continue to make a difference.”
