---
name: Bridget Gunning
---
Bridget Gunning is an artist, mover, improviser, aerialist and and practitioner based out of Seattle, WA. Bridget brings over 15 years of professional experience as a solo and group performer . Her interest lies in the intersection of circus arts, dance, theater and somatic movement techniques. Hailing from Tucson, AZ, Bridget spent her youth in the pool as a competitive swimmer. She held the Arizona State Record for the 25-yard backstroke when she was 8-years-old. Outside of the pool, she always sang songs and danced dances to entertain family and friends. She decided to get out of the pool and onto the stage where she could use her body to express and create art. She began her formal ballet training at the age of 16. She made up for lost time in the dance world with classical training at The Academy of Ballet in Tucson, AZ. She danced in many ballets and theater productions and was active in her artistic and academic communities as a performer and choreographer. This creative and physical practice translated well into the circus arts. She began her aerial studies in 2001 under the instruction of Nanette Robinson and Nathan Dryden of ZUZI! Dance Company. Here she began her love with aerial through the low flying trapeze and Skinner Releasing Technique. Bridget came to Seattle in 2006 to seek more Skinner Releasing training as well as to connect with other artists and make a career as a performer. She worked as a free lance dancer with choreographers across the Northwest including Manifold Motion, Dancing People Company, Acorn Dance, Lingo Dance Company, Dayna Hanson and The Asterisk Project to name a few. She is showcased weekly at The Pink Door, where she is the resident Trapeze Artist. Her work includes Seattle’s Original Girl Gang: The Aerialistas, Lo-Fi Arts Festival, Seattle Erotic Arts Festival, Emerald City Trapeze Arts, ticktock dance, On The Boards’ 12-Minutes Max, COCA, Aloft Aerial Arts, Animate Objects Physical Theater, Stimulate Dance and Madame Rex Entertainment. Bridget is a Certified Yoga Teacher and Personal Trainer. She holds a BA from the University of Arizona where she studied dance, sociology and psychology. Bridget is in her second year of teacher training in Open Source Forms with Stephanie Skura. Bridget runs her own studio and performance company Apex Aerial Arts in Seattle. She is really, really, super excited to premier as a performer with Jerboa Dance!